feat: add `parent` attributes to slash subcommands and groups (#759)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/759.breaking.rst

> - Add a new required argument (``parent``) to :attr:`SubCommand <ext.commands.SubCommand>` init
> - Add a new required argument (``parent``) to :attr:`SubCommandGroup <ext.commands.SubCommandGroup>` init

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|commands| Changed parameters of :attr:`SubCommand <ext.commands.SubCommand>` and  :attr:`SubCommandGroup <ext.commands.SubCommandGroup>` to now require their parent command.
- This only affects code that creates an instance of SubCommand or SubCommandGroup manually by calling their constructors.
```
@shiftinv does this sound good?

Author: Okay, I changed that
